Business Domain :  Finance
Project : Money Exchange System
Roles: Shop Owner, Manager, Teller
Functionalities:
	1. Authentication Module: 
		1a. Registration of new employee with his personal data and role he plays in the shop. 
		1b. Upon first login, he should be forced to change the password. Password should be stored on encrypted format.
		1c. Login Authentication module based on Challenge model.
	2. Buying and Selling Module:
		2a. Get input from the customer about the currency he wants to buy or sell and the quantity.
		2b. Rates are displayed in the board. Ask the customer about the rate he wants to do the transaction. 
If he quotes different rate, bargain with him. For Bargaining, Upper buy rate and Lower sell rate should be displayed to the teller.
		2c. Once the rates are agreed, get the requirement documents from him (ex Aadhar or Passport), exchange the currency and the local currency. 
		2d. If he is a new customer, create the customer.
		2e. Make sure customer is not in Block List. Customer can be placed in the block list, if he misbehaved with the staffs before.
		2f. In case it is a Buy transaction, recalculate the average rate.
		2g. In case it is a sell transaction, calculate profit or loss.
		2h. Make transaction entries.
		2i. Generate the Receipt.
	3. Transaction Authorisation Module:
		3a. If amount of the transaction is more than the predetermined value, send the transaction for authorization to the manager.
		3b. Manager makes sure the rate etc are fine. He can either accept or reject the transaction.
		3c. Based on the accept or reject, teller can make the next decision.
	4. Branch Closing Module:
		4a. One employee needs to count all the currencies and the home currency and place it on the safe after making the entries in the system
		4b. Another employee cross checks the counting and acknowledge it.
		4c. Once it is done, mail needs to be sent to the shop owner about the inventory.
	5. Stock Handling Module:
		5a. Teller asks for the certain currency and quantity.
		5b. Manager counts the currency, gave to teller and mark them as Paid.
		5c. Teller counts the currency, acknowledges it.
	6. Reporting Module:
		6a. Generate reports on every transaction with Profit.
		6b. List all the transactions.
		6c. Report on profit by individual employee.
	7. Escalation Module:
		7a. System should check the dubious transactions (normally high volume) or customers in PEP (Politically exposed person) and send mail to regulatory authority.
		7b. If certain teller makes transactions with some selected customers, this should be flagged to the shop owner.
		7c. High value transactions should be sent to shop owner for review.
	8. Revert Process:
		8a. Customer wants to revert the transaction. Select the receipt and send it to manager for revert.
		8b. once manager approves, revert the transaction, give/take currency both directions and generate a new receipt.

Business Domain: Education
Project: Attendence Management
Roles: Student
	1. Authentication Module: 
		1a. Registration of new student with his personal data.
		1b. Upon first login, he should be forced to change the password. Password should be stored on encrypted format.
		1c. Login Authentication module based on Challenge model.
	2. Course Selection Module:
		2a. Student should give input(s) of the courses and the possible number of classes and percentage of attendance (75% for example)
		2b. After attending every class, student can mark the class the he attended.
		2c. After every day, Student can mark the class he attended on that day.
		2d. Student can mark the class by selecting the day also.
		2e. In case student skips the class, he should mark absent.
	3. Report Module:
		3a. Report should show for every course, Total classes taken,no of classes attended, Total Possible classes,  x% of possible classes,  possible classes from now, 
Minimum classes from now, No of maximum classes which can be skipped, percentage as of now, Percentage with possible classes.
	4. Alerting Module:
		4a. Warning should be sent to the customer in case his attendance goes down below the threshold level.

Business Domain : Restaurant
Project:	Home Kitchen
	1. Authentication Module: 
		1a. Registration of new customer with his personal data.
		1b. Upon first login, he should be forced to change the password. Password should be stored on encrypted format.
		1c. Login Authentication module based on Challenge model.
	2. Ordering Module:
		2a. Menu for the selected day will be listed.
		2b. Customer can choose the item and the quantity. Calculated amount will be shown to him.
	3. Feedback Module:
		3a. Customer can login and give his feed back by choosing the date and the dish.
	





